HC is a healthcare service provider that specializes in providing a variety of specialist consultancy, diagnostics services at local communities on demand at short latency. They do this by setting up their clinics/pharmacies/diagnostics in mobile vans which position themselves on service lanes, by the roadside at the right place and time. However for their business model to be successful, they need insights and analytics so that their mobile vans can be at the right place at the right time. They have tied up with the association of social media and mobile telephony service providers - an industry body that has access to location data of millions of users. The deal is made for a few million dollars and the Association agrees to give HC the anonymized location data of 10,000 mobile users in a given community at hourly durations for an entire week. HC now hires you as a consultant on this project to help them roll out operations in Kandipur town. HC provides you with the town plan of Kandipur along with the location data of 10K users and seeks your expert help to develop strategies for positioning their mobile vans such that the footfalls in their clinics/diagnostics are maximized. HC has dedicated 3 vans to Kandipur with one each for a pharmacy+diagnostics centre, another as an orthpaedics/pediatric unit and a third van is used for outdoor advertising to  reach the message about their other two mobile units to public at large. However they are open to alternate use of the vans for other healthcare services/departments if you suggest with good reasoning. 

Use the understanding gained in this course to identify and mathematically model the variables of interest using the available data. Generate insights and make a concise presentation to HC. The presentation should contain 2-3 slides only with a clear strategy in the form of bulleted points. Strategy may consist of most valued locations / set of rules for movement of vans / Rules for dynamic allocation of vans etc. While the actual presentation must not be more than 2-3 slides, you have come to know that one of the members on the advisory board of HC is a mathematician and data scientist. You have to contend with the possibility that she may question the basis of your suggested strategy in light of data and even ask you to quantitatively demonstrate the soundness of your recommendations. In short "Why do you think your recommendation will maximize footfalls ?" or "Show me the proof mathematically". So you are advised to have lots of backup slides with snapshots of data visualizations, your mathematical derivations or verification metrics you use during the course of the development. You may also want to scan onto your back up slides, important paper calculations and mathematical models/working that you have scribbled.